Name: Brandon Wynne
Lab Partner: Paul Conway
Date: April 03, 2014
Lab: 10

Difficulties:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
In this lab we had difficulties with our BMP file and writing the pixils to 
the lcd.. It possibly had a different version of BMP than was supported by the
SD. We also had problems drawing the pixils to the LCD. We were taking 3 bytes
although we were only using the first [0] for the pixil values. Therefore
we were only writing blue to the screen. To fix this were used [0]
[1] and [2], taking all three bytes. We also had some small problems
with the initialization of functions, the order, delays, etc...These
were small housekeeping errors that we were able to fix with time. . 
Towards the end of the lab we also had errors with rotation. When putting
the board on landscape the image was inverted, although it still rotated. 
This was a problem that we could not fix. 



What did I learn?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
In this lab we learned how to be able to parse bits to print images to the 
screen. This lab further increased our knowledge in bit manipulation
in order to access a specific bit. We also continued to further our
application by adding the sd card images to the functions executed. I also
continued to learn about FAT file systems. Although I had previous 
experience with this during my previous internship. 





Questions:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Real-time clocks (RTC) are integrated circuits that keep track of current
time. RTCs are different from ordinary hardware clocks because ordinary 
hardware clocks instead count time in non human units. There are several
benefits to using RTCs:
- Low power consumption
- Frees the main system for time-critical tasks
- Sometimes more accurate than other methods

2. Using the f3d_delay_uS() function is more accurate than the delay loop. The
delay has an advantage of being more accurate because it frees the system from
calculations and uses an integrated circuit rather than signals between
registers.

3. The use of DMA allows for multiple DMA channels to be initialized 
simultaneously. This is beneficial for the SPI because the DMA
utilizes DMA for both transmission and reception. Because DMA utilizes
memory from the peripheral bus and the cpu, the transfer rate is much
faster for data. Without DMA the transfer rate is 50,000 pixels/second,
compared to 735,000 pixels/second. This improvement in data
transfer is advantagous because it allows the bitmap to be read
more efficiently.

4. FAT is the file allocation table.  The FAT file system originates from
the file systems usage of an index table. The table contains entries from a
contiguous area of disk storage. Each entry contains a number for the
following cluster or a flag indicating the end of the file. The operating
system looks through the FAT table until the end of the file is reached.
Because disk drives have changed,so has the number of clusters.
This has increased the number of table element bits and because of such there
are different variations of FAT. Fat12, Fat16, and Fat32. If the data
is arbitrary or read wrong the volume may not be properly read causing data
corruption on writes. If this happens the FAT will try to fix this by
using a second table if available. If this does not happen the FAT will
need to be formatted. This will cause the file to be lost. 

5. FAT16 is beneficial for legacy systems because it is still compatible.
There are many tools available to address the problems and recover data.
FAT16 is efficient on volumes smaller than 256MB. FAT16 is limited to 65,536 
clusters. There is also no built in security or file compression. FAT32
allocates disk space much more efficiently. FAT32 uses smaller clusters 
resulting in 10-15% more efficient use of disk space relative to size of 
files. This reduces resources necessary for computer operation in comparision 
to FAT16. FAT32 is only accessible from Windows 95 OSR@ and 98. FAT32
also does not have build-in secuirty.  
