Names: Brandon Wynne and Paul Conway
Date: May 1, 2014
C335 Computer Structures Final Project

Project: Quick Draw 1 Player, 2 Player, and High Scores

Description of game concept and core functionality:

For our project we decided to create a series of mini games, although due to time constraints we only executed one for the
project grade. Our game is called Quick Draw, and contains a single player and multiplayer function. The objective of 
Quick Draw is simple: fill the screen with color using the nunchuks gyro and accelerometer. In single player, once you
fill the screen completely the game is over and a high score is calculated and recored. In multiplayer, the first person 
to fill their portion of the screen wins. The core functionality of this is quite simple. We created a matrix which is the 
same size as the areas of the screen needing to be filled. When a player moves the nunchuk, the x and y location changes 
based on the tilt angle. Therefore, new portions of the screen are drawn and new locations in the matrix are changed to 
"full". The matrices are initialized to contain all 0's and when Players draw new locations they change those 0's to 1's.
Every fifth iteration through the while loop, functions check if the matrix or matrices are filled. If the matrix or 
matrices contain only 1s then they are filled. This represents the matrix being full of "color". Therefore, a "tail" is 
created behind the nunchuk cursor by calculating the current and last x and y values, having then drawn a rectangle of 
color on the board. When the matrix or matrices is filled with all 1's then the game is over

The current finished games time is also added to the High Scores function located in the main menu. The High Scores
function checks if the game over function is reached and how long it takes to do so. The High Score is started at 1000
to simulate a high score. Once a game is won count starts at 0 and increases by 1 for the "High Score". The finished 
time is added to the High Scores board and is compared to either be a first place, second place, or third place. Our personal
best is 77. --- Low scores are good, like golf.


Task Breakdown between partners for the project:

Together: We both worked on the single player game and menu together with Paul coding and both of us working on the logic. This
included initializing and utilizing the LCD, Speaker, Nunchuk, SD CARD. We both continued to work on the initialization of the
matrix or matrices, the function that checks if they are filled, and the functions that fill the screen with color when
the matrix or matrices are filled. Along with those functions, we both continued to work on any function that either
of us created. We both struggled with the I2C1 vs I2C2 and initializing the second nunchuk. We also both fixed
each other bugs and logic problems.

Paul:

Paul came up with the high scores function in the mini game menu and the creation of a score. Paul also came up with the
GUI for the mini games menu screen and how it is layed out.

Brandon:

Brandon set up the audio and formatted our custom audio to work in 8 bit form. Brandon also split up the code
from the single player game in order to create the multiplayer player game.  


Ultimately both of us touched all aspects of code and attempted to contribute to every part of the project. 

