Name: Brandon Wynne
Date: April 1, 2014
C335 Computer Structures
Final Project: Quick Draw

Tasks I was responsible for:


I helped with development of the game by working with Paul for the games logic and coding some portions of the game.
I directly coded some audio and was in charge of converting and implementing the custom audio, before we knew how to do it. 
I also was in charge of creating and coding the second player portion of the game. I had to take the code from the 
single player game and instantiated two of everything as well as get the second nunchuk to work and read data. This proved
to be more difficult than I thought because I had to separate calculations and create different boundaries for the matrices.

I also came up with the idea for the first game that we scrapped and later did not have enough time for. This game
was called marbleRun() and was a utilized using the boards gyro/accelerometer to read values and move the ball. I created
the concept art for the levels of the game. 


Technical Challenges:

Audio: With the audio I had lots of technical challenges. Both Paul and I could not figure out how to get custom wave files
to work. The first was figuring out what type of .wav was needed. If the .wav was formatted in 16 bit or 32 bit then it would 
not work. After research I found that I had to convert it to 8 bit mono, and I also found that a sample rate under 22,000hz was
optimal. I used audacity to convert the audio files. We also have a technical problem where the SD Card does errors
out sometimes even though the .wav is not corrupt. In order to get it to work you just have to eject it...re-insert it and
restart the board. It is very weird and neither Paul or I could figure it out.

DrawGame2Player():

With the two player version of the game I had difficulties with the second nunchuk. I successfully split the game 
in half creating new calculations and matrices. I had problems reading the nunchuk data from the second nunchuk.
That was the biggest problem with second player game. It would freeze because of a problem we later found with 
the memory address being read from nunchuk2. In the end the problem was that the memory address was different....Once
the memory address was changed to the same as nunchuk1 we had values reading and were able to play the two player game.
Although this was later when both Paul and I were working. 

 
MarbleRun():
This game was later scrapped but I had problems reading the bmp file. We never perused it so I stopped working on it.



What would I do differently If I could start the project over?

If I could start the project over I would have suggested that Paul and I work on two different
games at the same time so we could have had marbleRun() work. Quick Draw was created
while working on marbleRun() and we decided that it would be a fun concept. I also wish that I could of
figured out how to get rid of the SD Card error. With regards to having enough time to get marbleRun() to work, I wish
I was able to spend more time on the project. Even though I put in a decent amount of work, I wish I was able to put in
a LARGE amount of work in order to create an undoubtedly satisfying game. Unfortunately I was plagued with lots of other
assignments and a research poster, so my time was divided. I definitely could not have enjoyed this project more. This
project made all of the struggles in the lab worth it because I had a final project that I wanted and it is fun. 
