Name: Brandon Wynne
Partner: Paul Conway
Lab 9
March 27, 2014
--------------------------------------------------

Difficulties:

In this lab we had several difficulties which came from understanding how the structures worked, rather
than implmenting the code in C. The compass seems to be excessively jumpy and not calibrated correctly. 
It seems to work better when the discovery board is tilted slightly, compared to when level. There are several
problems that occured while working with programming the nunchuk. It was difficult to read the nunchuk
data and write it to the main. This was due to a misuse of the nunchuk structure. We were also not
derefrencing the value of the nunchuk data from the array. Moreover, we happened to create an array containing
six elements instead of a variable that contains the 6 byte values. In the main.c file we also failed
to access the structure data correctly by utiliizing the " . ".

--------------------------------------------------
What did I learn:

In this lab I learned how to use the inter-integrated circuit or I^2C interface. This was a very
difficult proccess to learn due to the amount of sensors that had to be displayed. In this lab
I learned how to manage both the accelermeter/magnetometer of the discovery board and the nunchuk.
I also continued to reinforce the task of polling for data with reading and writing the data in order to use it. 
I really enjoyed this lab, it was fun to learn how to display all of the sensors on the board as well as
initialize and map the buttons of the nunchuk to the application.

-------------------------------------------------
Lab Report Questions:


Q1 :

The inter-integrated circuit protocol utilizes two wires: the serial clock line and the serial data/address.
In order to communicate between the master and slaves, the master increases the clock signal on the SCL while
allowing a slave to drive the SDA. This allows the master to control the bit-rate transfer. The following
sequence of transactions with the SCL as a clock for the SDA starts communication. Every transaction
begins with a start condition and ends with a stop condition. The transactions consist of sequences of bytes
arranged by the most significant bit first. At the end of each sequence of bytes is an Acknowledge/Not Acknowledge
. The data may be sent either by the slave or master at this point as long as the Acknowledge/Not Acknowledge
is generated by the receiver of the data.The master is always in control of the Start and Stop conditions.
High to low on the SDA coupled with the CL on high defines a start. Conversely, a low to high SDA coupled
with a high SCL defines the Stop. The master initiates the write, ead, and combined transactions. Because the
master is in control of selecting the transmission this protocol is a good choice when working
with multiple devices. 

Q2:


By dividing by 1000 the raw_data values are easier to interppret.

Q3:

The nunchuk accelerometer data was cast to a float (float).

Q4:

Calculating tilt compensate is important when working with the local earth horizontal plane because
it avoids angular tilt calculation errors. (This could be the problem with our compass).



Q5:

We tried using a switch case. Having problems and are continuing to work on this.
